yo what's wrong guy store here welcome
to week six to eight of top five sniper
please let's which number five spot goes
the project gazer who is using the iron
sights blessed here thank you son last
week's top 5 same place as well and he's
gonna pick up a quad feet and then get a
couple of split rolling quad feeds as
well as it just continues on this
rampage very nice i could set up a very
nice clip for last week's team or five
spot let's fix number four spot goes to
0 car who is also using an iron sights
but let's not let's stay my new 10 20 25
it's going to pack up to Gil's right
there pack up third and a couple of
square feet or split quad feed rate
they're just going to keep going again
demonstrate some really nice accuracy of
this gun gonna pack up be rollin quad
feed rate their better side clip off
their sweets number three spot goes to
one hoarder who is using the molester
with each RadarScope gonna pack up to
that a quick killed rate they are kill
the guy in the window who is shooting
out and very nice killed right there i
named it snap back up one more Bartlett
quad feed rate there and free for all
this week's bonus clip goes to miss
Goldilocks who is using the iron sights
ballista seems to a lot of our
insatiable esther clips as we gotta pick
up the triple right there and a very
random spot i actually saw one guy right
there and she's going to pick up one
more for this week's bonus clip let's
reach there were two sparkles to the
creativity who is using a very creative
class right here and silence the Lester
is going to pick up the triple headshot
collateral that class for this week's
number two spot and finally this week's
number one spot is going to go to X
blink see who is just an ache off the SR
here on studio it's a really nice
classic got on love the ACOG the sorry
is going to pick up one and then pick up
a very nasty triple right there those
guys just lined up so nicely and it's
also going to be around ending kill
count or less match on studio gonna get
to see the kill camera yeah he's going
to pick up one guy running through the
door next drag score pray there and then
list is just line up so nicely look at
that that's crazy such a nice clip and
that is going to be the end of this
week's top 5 sniper poison all hope you
guys enjoyed if you did hit the like
button that'd be awesome and make sure
you send your clips in for next week all
you have to do is upload them to youtube
and send me a personal message to my
youtube channel with a link to your clip
and that's it thanks again for watching
guys are real appreciate it and I'll
speed Charton
shopping the face I definitely would not
have been happy but anyway that's a
pretty cool domination at the acog dsr
using the same class as i was using in
my last acog video the extended my laser
sight and obviously acog scope as well
works really well surely good class I
actually remember plate